build: make uninstall related files of runtime (#6236)
apache/apisix: docs/en/latest/how-to-build.md

        Solution: set `LDAP_DIR` with `luarocks config` manually, for example `luarocks config variables.LDAP_DIR /usr/local/opt/openldap/`

> 5. If you have no more need of the Apache APISIX runtime, uninstall it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. If you have no more need for the Apache APISIX runtime, you could uninstall it like this.
```

```shell
  # Uninstall apisix command
  $ make uninstall
```

>   Attention please, this operation will totally **remove** the related files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Attention please, this operation will totally **remove** the related files.
```

Author: line#127 aligns at line#97, so it starts with two space.
